adding cheatsheets of TEMPORARY COMMITS (#32)
crescentpartha/CheatSheets-for-Developers: CheatSheets/git-cheatsheet.md

  - [Inspection & Comparison](#inspection--comparison)
  - [Setting up Alias](#setting-up-alias)
  - [Deletion](#deletion)

>   - [TEMPORARY COMMITS](#Temporarily store modified)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Temporary Commits](#temporary-commits)
```

| `git gc` | Cleans unnecessary files and optimizes the local repository |
| `git prune` | Deletes objects that don’t have any incoming pointers |

**[🔼Back to Top](#table-of-contents)**

## Temporary Commits

> | command| Description |
> | ------- | ----------- |
> |'git stash'| Save modified and staged changes|
> |'git stash list'| list stack-order of stashed file changes|
> |'git stash pop'| write working from top of stash stack|
> |'git stash drop'| discard the changes from top of stash stack|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| command | Description |
| ------- | ----------- |
| `git stash` | Save modified and staged changes |
| `git stash list` | list stack-order of stashed file changes |
| `git stash pop` | write working from top of stash stack |
| `git stash drop` | discard the changes from top of stash stack |
```
